Edit Functional Programming Doc (#935)
ocaml/v3.ocaml.org: data/tutorials/lg_01_functional_programming.md

1. What is `plus 2 3`?
1. What is `plus 2`?

Question 1 is easy: `plus` is a function. It takes two arguments that
are integers and returns an integer. We write its type like this:

```ocaml
# plus;;
- : int -> int -> int = <fun>
```
Question 2 is even easier: `plus 2 3` is a number, the integer `5`. We
write its value and type like this:

```ocaml
# 5;;
- : int = 5
```

> But what about question 3? It looks like `plus 2` is a mistake or a bug, but

Reviewer: ```suggestion
But what about question 3? It looks like `plus 2` is a typo or an incomplete copy-paste, but
```

- : int = 101
```
In engineering, this is sufficient proof by example

> to state that `plus 2` is the function which adds 2 to things.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to state that `f` (i.e. `plus 2`) is the function which adds 2 to its parameter.
```
